What are you talking about?
He is not a thing
He is our partner.
Haha partner
Come come come
Put him
And his mutant partner is wrapped and steamed out
I think your skin is itchy.
Even if you have some patience
Can't help but pay attention to us?
Hey, he's been brought under control.
It won't hurt.
You think I'm stupid
Just wear this thing for ten wear a hundred
You want my whole camp to die with you?
I don't think you can get rid of it
This woman has been in the camp since
Just started to become mutants
Your disease
Who knows when it will happen?
You have to cut them out.
General, this is not the way to go
We have to figure it out.
Want to stay
Can you?
Let me check it out.
Are there any tooth marks left by mutants on your body?
Don't go too far.
Now let's get out of here.
Isn't that sending us to death?
I was looking for it on purpose before
But now you can bring mutants
That's against the whole camp
Now the world suffers.
I don't want to take action against the remaining survivors
I advise you not to be ignorant of praise
Cut the crap
If you wanted a pistol, I would have killed you already
No future trouble
Give it to me don't go
I'm producing wildflowers for the camp
It shouldn't be you who's going to do it